a long time ago all the magical animals, fairies and monsters were very worried because the people were becoming sad before christmas and not enjoying their christmasses.
Santa held a meeting because he was so worried! He said,
"Everyone! something must be done! The people are so sad and they're not enjoying their christmasses. Please have a think of something to do."
So th elves went back to their workshop and made a beautiful wooden man with their magic elf tools, they worked day and night for many weeks.
When the man was ready they took it to santa
"We've made you a wooden man to cheer the people up!" They said.
"Oh elves!" said Santa "it's beautiful!"
But the wooden man was just made of wood and he stayed in the workshop for many years - forgotten about.
One day, a week before christmas, Santa went into the workshop when all the elves had gone home and found the wooden man - he made a christmas wish that something could be done about all the sad people.
High above in the sky a star fell and floated in through the window and fell on the man, but santa had already left.
"I am the man who was made from the star! I am the SPLAR!!" Said the wooden man
the splar went out in the snow but was cold
he saw an elf village
an elf gave him a hood as he was cold
he asked what his job was - the elves told him they made him to help all the sad people
"But how do I know who is sad?" Asked the Splar.
the elves said he should speak to Santa 
the splar goes back to santa who is very happy and pleased to see him
santa has just the thing for the splar
he goes off and the splar follows
santa digs around in the cuboard and brings out a book - a shiny green book
santa tells the splar to open it
he does but there's nothing written in it - then writing curls magically onto the page
the splar jumps out into the night and goes around and finds all the people people who need cheering up
he hides in the shadows and jumps onto their rooves then says the magic spells from his book when they are asleep then they wake up happy and enjoy their christmases
